-Okay, you can look.
-It's a tree!
And it's just
the first week of December!
How together are we?!
We even said that together!
Okay,
this is getting weird.
So, a tree?
Yeah, we're so on top of it
this year,
we're even doing
a Christmas card!
Take the picture,
Kenneth?
Seems like
a lot more work
having to Photoshop me in
later,
but okay.
I'll go get the camera.
The new and improved
DiMeos.
Gone are the days
where we would let things slide
or drop the ball
or, you know,
not finish...
you know, whatever.
Dylan: Wrong.
You are the same, if not worse,
and I can prove it
with one word.
Yeah, righ--
Man-cave.
Both: Aughh!
Ah, yeah. That was it!
That was the one!
Technically, I think
it's two words, but still!
Such a nice idea.
Ten months later?
Nothing!
JJ,
it's not my fault.
Daddy said that he was
gonna fix up the garage.
Thanks for that.
I meant to.
I really did,
but stuff got in the way,
and then it became
one of those things that --
that everybody has,
that you want to take care of
but every time you think
about it
you feel bad
so you ignore it.
Not everyone has those.
The "JJ's Dream" Charity.
Aughh!
Why did I promise so many people
I'd build
an accessible playground
for kids
with all abilities?
To impress a girl
who broke up with you anyway.
I know!
I didn't even donate!
I'm almost as bad
as Dylan!
What?
I finish what I start.
I have a decade's worth
of "Christmas coupons"
you refuse to honor,
that say otherwise.
Aughh!
So many hugs!
I owe you so many hugs!
I can't let you lord this
over me.
It's time to face
the music.
-[ Laughs ]
-What are you staring at?
You're the one who stayed
in high school an extra year
to prepare for college
and you haven't done squat!
[ Groans ]
We are the worst!
[ Chuckles ]
Merry Christmas from the DiMeos.
[ All groan ]
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
-- Captions by VITAC --
If I may --
not following through is
a regrettable
shared DiMeo family trait.
-We know now!
-Don't kick us while we're down!
DiMeos have
a real problem.
You're a DiMeo.
By marriage.
That man-cave's on you.
I finish what I start.
Okay, that's it.
I'm doing the charity.
JJ's Dream is no longer
Ray's nightmare.
Ya hear that,
"kissing mom" dream?
You're back!
Jimmy: Okay.
Let's all do our things
and get Ray some therapy.
I'll finish the man-cave.
JJ, you had a list of things
you wanted to do
to get ready for college.
You wanna hit that?
Dylan?
Fine.
But you're not gonna like it,
Ray.
[ Grunts ]
If it wasn't clear,
that was a hug.
Curly slide, tunnel slide.
Curly tunnel slide?
Don't mind if I "tube."
Drink this smoothie.
Why?
"Make a meal for Ray."
And now, boom.
What else you got
for me?
Actually, I'm on my way
to city hall
for a playground permit.
Want to tag along?
Sounds like a lot
of pencil pushers
and red tape.
I know,
I'm excited too.
I like to play
by the rules.
This is where they keep
the rules.
Yeah, I'm good.
There are gonna be
a lot of lines.
We can divide
and conquer.
And if you're
honoring coupons,
I think I have one
that seems relevant.
Ray, no...
That coupon was a mistake!
I was six
and hopped up on cake!
Fine.
Why not? [ Chuckles ]
You laminated it?!
Really put a dent in it,
haven't you?
Doesn't it feel good
following through
on things you've started?
You really think
you're different, don't you?
Oh, Jimmy,
I'm not better than you --
Didn't say "better."
Do you want some help
going through some boxes?
Uh, sure,
I've already started.
This is worthless junk.
This is stuff
we're not keeping.
[ Groans ]
Are the actors actually
inside this?
Jimmy, come quick!
Aah! What's wrong?!
Oh, look,
from when we first met.
Lovely!
Kinda in the middle
of something.
Look, it's us camping.
Keep or junk, babe.
Keep or junk.
Why don't we have
more photos of us like this now?
Well, typically, pictures are
of things that happened,
and you and I don't, you know,
do stuff.
Aughh!
What?
Ow, God!
You're right!
We don't do anything just us
anymore.
I keep promising
that we will,
and then it never happens.
I have dropped the ball
on the most important thing
of all -- us.
We have got to get back
what we lost.
This picture makes me want
to set myself on fire!
So..."junk."
Okay, you made your
"get ready for college" list.
"Guess I can check off
the first item."
"Make list."
"Well, I'm pooped.
Shall we call it a day?"
Hmm. "Make 'Shall we call it
a day' joke."
[ Laughs ]
List humor is so good.
All right, well,
what next?
"Learn how to make coffee
for yourself."
Nice.
Start small.
Now, you know the rules --
I don't help you,
since I won't be around
next year.
"Any idea
what you're doing yet?"
I haven't decided.
Too many options,
I'm afraid.
Now, I'll...percolate
while you get back to the...
[ Button clicks ]
Grind.
Forget it.
Stupid DiMeo appliances
ruining my jokes.
What's wrong
with this thing?
[ Glass shatters ]
Oh, that pot wasn't
to your liking?
We've got a coffee snob.
You're on your own.
What's the next move, college?
[ Air hisses ]
It's okay.
You got
any tire sealant?
"Our neighbor borrowed it."
Okay, so to make coffee
you have to get tire sealant
from your neighbor,
then clean the glass,
then get a new coffee pot.
[ Chuckles ]
Looks like we got a real
"old lady who swallowed
the fly" situation.
**
Next.
Hello, uh, my name is Ray DiMeo
of JJ's Dream.
This is my assistant,
Dylan.
This isn't
our normal dynamic.
He has a coupon.
Mm.
A fellow turtle man,
I see.
I left mine at home.
May I kiss yours?
He wants to start a park.
Oh, well,
that's a complicated process.
I'm a complicated boy.
See, I respect
all that you do.
So here's my B-O-2
for your A-O-K.
Yeah, thing is, this is the
Parks and Planning department.
You need to bring these forms
to the Planning subdivision
of the Parks department.
It's in the Planning wing.
That's not this?
Ha, I wish.
Next!
This place is so logical!
Don't you want to get
this connection back?
Junk.
I'm not even showing you
anything.
Keep.
Oh, look!
"Hey Roommate!"
Do you remember,
this was the song
that you were working on
when we fell in love.
Like my gut
since I turned 40,
I refuse to be sucked in.
Too bad.
"Hey Roommate!" take one.
Not doing this.
* Hey, roommate,
can I borrow your girl? *
It's romantic.
* With the funny accent
and the long brown curls *
* 'Cause I'm falling in love
and it's -- *
Blah blah blah blah blah --
* Something my world? *
Squirrel? Acorn?
Tree?
Ah, screw it.
I'll finish it later.
See?
Didn't finish it.
That's exactly
what I'm trying to stop.
Okay, we're fixing this.
Today.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah...
Well,
you and I are connecting...
-...blah, blah, blah, blah...
...with or without you.
Okay, quick status report
on where we are making coffee --
The cat is missing.
But if we can find
the neighbor's cat
and fix the screen door we broke
at the neighbor's house,
through which
the cat escaped,
the neighbor will give us
tire sealant to fix the tire,
and then we are making coffee,
baby!
"Preparing for college
is so hard."
Yeah, so much of it
is looking for cats.
Hey, excuse me, I really need
to use the restroom.
Do you mind just holding on
to my spot in line?
Sorry, but I just feel like it
violates the spirit of the line.
You understand.
I think you have a future here,
Ray.
Craig: Next!
Hello, Craig.
Here is my form 612 application
to build a playground,
and I understand
you'll need to send me
over to Parks,
but I'm here
for my 897.
You can't get an 897 for a 612
unless you fill out a 383B.
Well, I filled out a 383B
just for fun!
Mm, great.
Still a lot more forms
you need to fill out.
This is what
we trained for.
Sir, would you mind if I played
some of my psych-up music?
No amplified music allowed.
Oh, Dylan, I'm going to need you
to sing the "Rocky" theme song.
* Da-na-na na-na-na
na-na na-na *
That's not
the "Rocky" theme song.
Sorry, pal.
You're not getting this back.
* Da-na-na na-na-na
na-na na-na *
**
Dylan: * Da-na-na na-na-na
na-na na-na *
* Da-na-na na-na-na
* Ray thinks he's Rocky
* I've never seen "Rocky"
* I don't think it's like this
Hey, no running.
I respect that.
**
That felt like "Rocky."
You're helping.
What's the catch?
This is the futon
where we had our first kiss.
Know what
we're gonna do now?
Maya, this is no time
for our second kiss.
We're gonna go out,
Jimmy.
Look,
that was on a Wednesday.
I mean, why can't we have
relaxed fun like that anymore?
What three people
are not in that picture?
Florence Henderson, Tony Blair,
and Billy Crystal.
Well, sure, granted --
The kids.
This is our life now.
Will you please just let me do
what I promised JJ I'd do?
[ Sighs ]
What's this?
You won an argument.
I don't like it.
Why do you do it
all the time?
Well.
[ Sighs ]
Maybe we can both be happy.
You want to reconnect.
I want to finish
the man-cave.
Eh, maybe we do both.
What do you mean?
You want to have
our day here?
Not here...
[ Door closes ]
...In the apartment
where we first fell in love.
**
Welcome back to 1997.
Come on.
Remember this?
Photo of a random family
I hung on the wall ironically?
How much
did you hate this?
So much
to catch you guys up on.
World's crazy now!
Hey, College!
Listen, did you successfully
sign up for
that wheelchair repair service?
Oh.
Wi-Fi's out.
Oh, you're right.
Give up. I don't think
you should make the coffee.
Hell, I don't even think
you can.
"Of all the motivation tricks
you use,
I hate reverse psychology
the most."
[ Baby voice ]
Even more than tickle therapy?
Mm!
Banned for a reason.
Any idea
where the router is?
Under the sink?!
What fresh DiMeo hell
is this?
Okay,
you gave it a shot.
Let's try again tomorrow.
Still all you.
We'll get you
under the sink...
What are you doing?
No, no.
You can't do that.
[ Grunting ]
Not reverse psychology!
Regular not-wanting-you-to-die
psychology!
[ Grunts ]
Do you even like coffee?!
[ Sighs ] The '90s really were
a golden age of movies
that I taped
"Beavis and Butt-Head" over.
We're back.
It's like
we never left 1997.
What a time.
I got a woman I love
and a hundred free hours of AOL.
I can't remember a time
I felt so relaxed.
See?
It was just that easy.
We just need
a little space for us.
Are we sure JJ needs
a man-cave?
Just floating it, but what if
we put stairs out there?
What a great day
for a groundbreaking ceremony.
And a heck of a turnout!
I need you to film this
for the JJ's Dream website.
I'll never understand
your generation's need
to post things
on the Internet.
Hello, JJ's Dreamers.
Head Dreamer Ray, here,
ready to break ground.
You know, I've always been
the type of a guy
[ Vehicle doors close ]
to follow through --
[ Car alarm chirps ]
Assistant Zoning Commissioner
Lyman?
To what do we owe
the pleasure?
First off,
thanks for the invitation.
Nice to be included
in something like this.
This is such bad content.
But I'm afraid I have
to shut this down.
Your permit was denied.
What?
No, I-I submitted
all the paperwork.
I-I followed
all the steps.
Yeah,
but it's my decision.
And not to get
all technical,
but...my sister uses this area
to play frolf.
No!
No, it's not over.
Not if I break ground
before you stop me.
That's not how this works
at all.
Oh,
you're not even flexing.
[ Laughs ]
I'm so glad we're filming this.
[ Grunting ]
Yes!
Come on, JJ!
Get to that router
that any other family
would know not to keep
under the sink!
[ Grunting ]
Use that good foot!
Go, good foot,
go, good foot, go!
Okay, yeah.
Okay.
Get that plug in.
[ Grunting ]
Closer.
Closer!
It's in!
-Ahh!
-[ Laughs ]
[ Both laughing ]
Water on the floor,
grounds --
dude, you made coffee!
[ Laughing ]
**
[ Crying ]
I hate it, man.
This is ending.
It's challenging, it's fun,
I make a difference.
And I'm so damn good
at it.
No, I don't have anything else
lined up.
That was all bull.
That is what you were asking,
right?
See how good I am at this?
You think you're scared
about what's next.
At least you know
what you want.
I found what I love, JJ.
And he's going off
to college.
**
Ray?
Are you okay?
Why wouldn't I be?
Just because
the entire foundation
of my world view was proven
to be totally arbitrary?
Rules don't matter.
Systems don't matter.
Nothing matters.
It's great.
You want to fill out
a form together or something?
Ray?
[ Snoring ]
Guys,
I'm worried about Ray --
What is this?
How long have you guys
been finished with this,
and why are you both
wearing cargo pants?
-They never went out of style!
-They're comfy.
Just...find me later.
You seem so relaxed.
It's weird.
Get out.
Please go.
[ Door closes ]
I think we both know
what this means.
Time to give this place back
to its rightful owner.
Okay, final touches.
[ Sighs ]
Mm.
Okay, smoke detector in.
It's time to go.
But we'll always have
our teenage son's man-cave.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm so glad that we know
we can relax together
and that we still enjoy
each other,
'cause to be honest,
I wasn't sure.
And knowing that
means the world to me.
We can take that with us.
Yeah.
Last thing --
carbon monoxide detector.
[ Loud beep ]
Aah!
High danger!
Oh, my God!
We weren't relaxed.
We were dying!
High danger!
I just don't know where I go
from here.
"Time for
an inspiring speech.
The kind
you always give me."
Really?
[ Chuckles ]
Let 'er rip.
"You are cool...
You are tall.
And at the end of the day,
go for the stars."
Wait.
"Go for the stars"?
What's that?
You go for the gold
or reach for the stars.
"Reach for the stars."
Don't say "reach for the stars"
'cause I just...
"I don't have money,
but what I do have
are a very particular --"
"Set of skills"?
You're giving me the speech
from "Taken"?
"Sorry, I don't have your gift
for coaching."
I wouldn't call it
a gift.
This is getting better.
Go on.
"You are a coach."
Well, yeah,
I kinda am.
Could I be a coach?
I think I'd like that.
Yeah,
I-I could be a coach.
"And you're gonna shine
like --"
Don't step in front
of a moving train.
Coach Kenneth Clements.
[ Chuckles ]
I like the sound of that.
Thank you, buddy.
I might just have
a post-JJ plan.
"I need some of your gift
right now."
Damn straight.
JJ,
you're gonna make coffee,
and I don't care
how many pots you break,
how many tires you puncture
or how many cats we lose.
You're not gonna give up
until you have a cup of joe
in that beautiful, wildly
unpredictable hand of yours!
Coffee on three.
One, two, three --
C-O --
Yes, coffee!
All set. With the new vent
on the water heater
you shouldn't have
any more trouble.
Just curious...
the amount of gas
that was leaking,
it wouldn't be enough
to, like,
change your mood, right?
-You kidding me?
You could take
a couple of people
who didn't know each other,
pipe that in --
Oh! --
they'd be all warm and cozy...
-Okay, thank you.
-When my in-laws come to visit,
I just crank a little juice
in their --
You have been thanked,
sir.
Okay, this reconnecting.
It's gonna take a little
more work than we thought.
That's gonna take
some time.
Uh, when do we have time?
Uh, the holidays are crazy,
so how's January?
JJ tours colleges
on the weekends,
and then Dylan's track season
starts.
And then it's spring break.
That's out.
What about June?
Uh, sure, late June?
How late?
July?
Yeah, it's a date.
All right.
And we're really gonna do it
this time.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, no,
we're really gonna do it.
"Cheers, Coach."
Mmm!
Lots of grounds.
But, uh, for my money,
this beats Starbucks any day.
"And it only cost $250 more."
[ Laughs ]
Yeah, yeah.
Oh. Mmm.
Hey, Ray, just making sure
you saw that caution tape.
Wouldn't want you
to go in it.
[ Scoffs ]
What does it matter?
This is where my park
was supposed to be.
I thought
you might want to see this.
Full approval?
How?
It's because you followed
the rules.
I went back to the permit place
to see what the problem was.
Turns out, he just misplaced
one of your forms.
I will do it!
We had a good laugh
about it.
I guess this means
your world view
wasn't wrong after all.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
I knew it.
The world makes sense.
I never lost faith.
And the best part is,
since I did it all
myself,
I get to keep
this little guy.
You're right, Ray.
You did it all yourself.
I'm happy for you.
Winter.
Okay, you can look.
[ Laughs ]
You got the beach chairs!
Did you make lava flows?
I can't believe we used
to take the time to make those.
We're gonna
take the time again.
For us.
I got this, Jimmy.
**
I got it, too.
I finished
something else.
* Hey, roommate,
can you spare a wife? *
* I won't need her long,
just for the rest of my life *
* And I love her now
like I loved her then *
* We don't need to cut off
our oxygen *
* Hey, roommate
* I'll have her back
in a lifetime or two *
Aw, darl--
* And the tree of love
is a Douglas fir *
Oh, God, there's more,
is there? Okay.
* And the squirrels
chase acorns all over her *
* And that's not fair...